Meeting notes 09-08:

Decided on team name: eMotionLess

Project: Focus on one language first, make hand-made data set.
Later split the work so someone is responsible for generating data sets (from real websites) and others are responsible for sentiment analysis.

Things done during the meeting: Time tracking is setup (manual entries to online excel sheet).
GitHub reposirory is also setup.

For next time: Each member should make a draft document that includes 
1) vision of the project results,
2) preliminary analysis of the problem, functional requirements,
3) meeting notes (group meeting),
4) and a list of possible questions for the meeting with the client/supervisor.

Next meeting: Monday morning before lectures.



Meeting notes 09-11:

Vision of the project result: Anupras's was closest to what we want. We just needed to mention six main emotions.

Premilinary analysis of the problem, functional requirements: Anupras's again.

Questions for the client/supervisor we had: Are we free to choose websites it supports? Should we have forbidden articles (censorship)?
Can we use data scraping tools or should we make our own? Should we go with machine learning or word based aproach?


Extras:

	News sites: Compare Delfi to LRT. Privately owned vs national funded (More emotianal vs less?)
	preliminary roles: Lead programmer - Anupras, Note taker / coordinator - Domas.
	
Next meeting: Review of the final draft. Meeting Wednesday after lectures.



Meeting notes 09-13:

We overviewed Anupras's final draft and went through it to make it our final document.

Next meeting is Friday morning (weekly). Nothing yet planned for it.

Meeting notes 09-18:

Meeting called by:
Type of meeting:
Facilitator: Anupras
Note taker: Domas 
Timekeeper: Arsenij

Agenda item: Group contract
Discussion:
Was on our groups contract.
Conclusion:
Decided on final draft of the team contract.

Meeting notes 09-20 (In person):

Type of meeting: Overview
Facilitator: Anupras
Timekeeper : Arsenij
Note taker : Domas

Agenda: Gruop contract and prgoramming rules, milestones.

Discussion: We went over our group contract.  Milestones (not final) as well. Also programming rules.

Conclusion: We made our final group contract and signed it. Went trough documentation that is still being made. Language c++.

Meeting notes 09-22 (Remote):

Type of meeting: Overview
Facilitator: Anupras
Timekeeper : Arsenij
Note taker : Domas

Agenda: Milestones

Discussion: How to set up data base. Looked over our milestones.
